[IMP] Quality: Take a Picture check Shop Floor (#6917)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/quality/quality_check_types/picture_check.rst

Take a Picture quality check
============================

> .. |MO| replace:: :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)`

Reviewer: I can't add a comment on the exact line, but on line 24, the link for "quality control points" goes to the "quality checks" doc when it should go to the QCP doc :)

Also, on line 43, the heading should be in sentence case (i.e. "Quality control point (QCP)")

   :align: center
   :alt: A quality check form configured for a Take a Picture quality check.

Quality control point
---------------------

> To create a |QCP| that will generate *Take a Picture* quality checks automatically, navigate to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a |QCP| that generates *Take a Picture* quality checks automatically, navigate to
```

specified, a *Take a Picture* quality check is created for that specific work order, rather than the
manufacturing order as a whole.

*Take a Picture* quality checks configured for work orders must be completed from the *Shop Floor*
module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->

> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Take a Picture*

Reviewer 3: since you defined "take a picture" in the previous sentence, this instance doesn't need the capitalization and italics. However, I understand if you decide to keep this formatting, since I'm not quite sure how else to format it. Maybe rewrite the sentence to something like

"Select an |MO| with a quality check that requires taking a picture."?

quality check is required.

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order
(square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to

> open the *Shop Floor* module.

Reviewer 3: I'm not 100% sure what's going on with today's runbot. 

I **know** it worked like you have written before, but look at what happened when i tested it in runbot today ☠️☠️☠️

After clicking on the square with arrow coming out of it, I saw the instructions of the quality check in the pop-up window. I could not find the "Open Shop floor" button. 

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/565949c8-b126-4d99-9cba-d7580f12a86d)

And, when I clicked each line of the quality checks in the "Instructions" tab, it'd open the quality check in a new window.

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/94dc8619-9395-4e87-b365-d482b8826bba)

Did I set it up incorrectly?

Reviewer 3: ok nvm this works in the 16.4 runbot !!

Then, click the :guilabel:`Take a Picture` button on the pop-up window to open the device's file
manager. In the file manager, navigate to the picture, select it, and click :guilabel:`Open` to
attach it.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` at the bottom of the pop-up window to complete the quality
check. The pop-up window will then move on to the next step of the work order.

.. image:: picture_check/picture-check-shop-floor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Take a Picture check in the Shop Floor module.

If a quality alert must be created, exit the pop-up window by clicking the :guilabel:`X` button in
the top-right corner. Then, click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on the bottom-right
corner of the work order card to open the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window.

On the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window, select the :guilabel:`Create a Quality
Alert` button. Doing so opens a blank quality alert form in a new :guilabel:`Quality Alerts` pop-up
window. For a complete guide on how to fill out quality alert forms, view the documentation on
:doc:`quality alerts <../quality_management/quality_alerts>`.

> Review a picture attached to a check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review a picture attached to a quality check
```

specified, a *Take a Picture* quality check is created for that specific work order, rather than the
manufacturing order as a whole.

> *Take a Picture* quality checks configured for work orders must be completed from the *Shop Floor*
> module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
> Manufacturing Orders`. Select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Take a Picture*
> quality check is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Take a Picture* quality checks configured for work orders **must** be completed from the *Shop
Floor* module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
Manufacturing Orders`. Then, select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Take a Picture*
quality check is required.
```

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order
(square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to
open the *Shop Floor* module.

When accessed from a specific work order, the *Shop Floor* module opens to the page for the work

> center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card so that no
> other cards are shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card, so no
other cards are shown.
```

Process the work order's steps until the *Take a Picture* quality check step is reached. Click on
the step to open a pop-up window that includes instructions for how the picture should be taken.

> After taking the picture, make sure that it is stored on the device being used to process the
> quality check (computer, tablet, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After taking the picture, make sure it is stored on the device being used to process the quality
check (computer, tablet, etc.).
```

Then, click the :guilabel:`Take a Picture` button on the pop-up window to open the device's file
manager. In the file manager, navigate to the picture, select it, and click :guilabel:`Open` to
attach it.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` at the bottom of the pop-up window to complete the quality

> check. The pop-up window will then move on to the next step of the work order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
check. The pop-up window then moves on to the next step of the work order.
```

.. image:: picture_check/picture-check-shop-floor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Take a Picture check in the Shop Floor module.

> If a quality alert must be created, exit the pop-up window by clicking the :guilabel:`X` button in
> the top-right corner. Then, click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on the bottom-right
> corner of the work order card to open the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a quality alert must be created, exit the pop-up window by clicking the :guilabel:`✖️ (close)`
button in the top-right corner.

Then, click the :guilabel:`⋮ (three vertical dots)` button on the bottom-right corner of the work
order card to open the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window.
```

On the :guilabel:`What do you want to do?` pop-up window, select the :guilabel:`Create a Quality
Alert` button. Doing so opens a blank quality alert form in a new :guilabel:`Quality Alerts` pop-up

> window. For a complete guide on how to fill out quality alert forms, view the documentation on
> :doc:`quality alerts <../quality_management/quality_alerts>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
window.

For a complete guide on how to fill out quality alert forms, view the documentation on :doc:`quality
alerts <../quality_management/quality_alerts>`.
```

Reviewer 2: a little separation between the instructions and this suggestion to check out other documentation add a bit of organization to the overall doc.

> Review a picture attached to a quality check
> ============================================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Review picture attached to quality check
========================================
```

specified, a *Take a Picture* quality check is created for that specific work order, rather than the
manufacturing order as a whole.

*Take a Picture* quality checks configured for work orders **must** be completed from the *Shop
Floor* module. To do so, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations -->
Manufacturing Orders`. Then, select an |MO| that includes a work order for which a *Take a Picture*
quality check is required.

On the |MO|, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then click the :guilabel:`Open Work Order

> (square with arrow coming out of it)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
(external link icon)` button on the line of the work order to be processed. On the
```

resulting :guilabel:`Work Orders` pop-up window, click the :guilabel:`Open Shop Floor` button to
open the *Shop Floor* module.

When accessed from a specific work order, the *Shop Floor* module opens to the page for the work
center where the order is configured to be processed, and isolates the work order's card, so no
other cards are shown.

Process the work order's steps until the *Take a Picture* quality check step is reached. Click on
the step to open a pop-up window that includes instructions for how the picture should be taken.
After taking the picture, make sure it is stored on the device being used to process the quality
check (computer, tablet, etc.).

Then, click the :guilabel:`Take a Picture` button on the pop-up window to open the device's file
manager. In the file manager, navigate to the picture, select it, and click :guilabel:`Open` to
attach it.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Validate` at the bottom of the pop-up window to complete the quality
check. The pop-up window then moves on to the next step of the work order.

.. image:: picture_check/picture-check-shop-floor.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A Take a Picture check in the Shop Floor module.

> If a quality alert must be created, exit the pop-up window by clicking the :guilabel:`X` button in
> the top-right corner.

Reviewer 5: Whether or not you use an icon here is up to you, but adding the descriptor is necessary to stay consistent.
```suggestion
If a quality alert must be created, exit the pop-up window by clicking the :guilabel:`X (close)`
button in the top-right corner.
```
